碧桂园债务危机对中国经济意味着什么

Why This Company’s Financial Crisis Threatens China’s Economy

Country Garden, a Chinese real estate giant, has lost billions of dollars and racked up $200 billion in unpaid bills. It’s on the hook to deliver, by one estimate, nearly one million apartments across hundreds of cities in China.

中国房地产巨头碧桂园已经亏损了数十亿美元，未付账单高达2000亿美元。据估计，该公司在中国数百个城市的未交付公寓近100万套。

The privately owned developer, founded by a farmer three decades ago, is inching closer to default.

这家30年前由一位农民创立的民营开发商正逐渐接近违约。

In China’s housing market, there are plenty of deadbeat developers no longer paying their bills. The possible collapse of Country Garden is one to pay attention to.

在中国的房地产市场，有很多赖账的开发商不再支付账单。碧桂园破产的可能性值得关注。

The company has tried to project confidence. “One shall pick himself up from where he has fallen,” Mo Bin, Country Garden’s president, said last week, pledging to “spare no effort.”

该公司试图表现出信心。碧桂园总裁莫斌上周表示：“从哪里跌倒，就从哪里爬起来。”他承诺将“全力自救”。

But the problem is much bigger than one company, and the timing could hardly be worse. A default by Country Garden would be the latest in a string of collapses in a housing market that has been hurting for years. Emerging from paralyzing lockdowns during the pandemic, China’s leaders badly need the country’s economic engine to pick up. Instead, growth is sputtering as housing prices fall, people spend less and consumer and business confidence wanes.

但问题远不止一家公司这么简单，而且时机不可能更糟了。如果碧桂园违约，这将是房地产市场多年来一连串崩溃中的最新一起。从疫情期间的瘫痪性封锁中走出来，中国领导人迫切需要国家经济引擎的复苏。然而，随着房价下跌，人们减少支出，消费者和商业信心减弱，经济增长正在放缓。

Now, experts fear that Country Garden’s troubles will spill over into the broader financial markets, thwarting any possible recovery of the real estate industry and spreading the damage through the economy.

现在，专家们担心碧桂园的麻烦会蔓延到更广泛的金融市场，阻碍房地产行业的复苏可能性，并将损害扩散到整个经济。

How did Country Garden run into trouble?

碧桂园是如何陷入困境的？

A year ago, Country Garden was a model corporate citizen in an expanding universe of delinquent real estate companies that borrowed recklessly and then stopped paying their bills.

拖欠债务的房地产公司不断增多，它们不计后果地借贷，然后停止支付账单。在这样的大环境下，一年前，碧桂园还是其中的模范企业。

Country Garden, founded by Yang Guoqiang in 1992, was a beneficiary of the world’s biggest real estate boom. Its success turned Mr. Yang into a billionaire and became a testament to the country’s remarkable growth. Chinese people, having few other reliable options to build wealth, invested their incomes and savings in real estate. Like other big private developers, Country Garden kept borrowing and often borrowed more to pay back its loans, operating on the assumption that as long as it continued to expand, it could keep repaying its debt.

碧桂园由杨国强于1992年创立，是全球最大房地产热潮的受益者。它的成功让杨国强成为亿万富翁，并成为中国经济显著增长的见证者。中国人在积累财富方面几乎没有其他可靠的选择，于是他们将收入和储蓄投资房地产。与其他大型民营开发商一样，碧桂园不断借贷，而且往往是借更多的钱来偿还贷款。它的假设是，只要继续扩张，就能不停偿还债务。

But the bills grew so big that the authorities began to fear the debt would threaten the broader financial system. China’s top leader, Xi Jinping, ordered that homes should be for living, not for speculation. In 2020, the government cracked down, limiting the ability of real estate companies to raise money and prompting a series of defaults.

但债务规模变得太大，当局开始担心这会威胁到更广泛的金融体系。中国最高领导人习近平下令，房子应该是用来住的，而不是用来炒的。2020年，政府采取严厉措施，限制房地产公司的融资能力，并引发了一系列违约。

Even as other developers stopped paying their bills, Country Garden continued to make good on its obligations. It began to rely more heavily on the revenue from selling apartments before they were finished and using that money to help finance its operations.

即使其他开发商停止支付账单，碧桂园仍在履行自己的义务。它开始更多依赖出售期房的收入，并用这笔钱为运营提供资金。

A slump in home buying this year has placed the company in a crisis, facing what it described as the “biggest difficulties since its establishment.”

今年房屋购买量的下降使该公司陷入危机，面临着它所谓“成立以来最大的困难”。
