How big is the problem?

问题有多大？

Markets, investors and home buyers are fearing the worst. In early August, Country Garden skipped two interest payments on loans. If it does not pay up by early September or get the creditors to give it more time after that 30-day grace period, it will default. Investors are not likely to lend it more money if that happens. The company’s share price has fallen below $1 in Hong Kong.

市场、投资者和购房者都在担心最坏的情况。8月初，碧桂园两次拖欠贷款利息。如果它不能在9月初之前还清债务，或者在30天的宽限期之后让债权人给它更多的时间，它就会违约。如果发生这种情况，投资者不太可能借给它更多的钱。该公司在香港的股价已跌破1美元。

Country Garden’s losses are mounting. It has said it expects to report a loss of as much as $7.6 billion in the first six months of the year.

碧桂园的亏损在不断增加。该公司曾表示，预计今年前六个月将出现高达550亿元的亏损。

Even if people were still buying Country Garden’s apartments, they would not be able to buy enough of them to make up the financial shortfall, experts said. Besides, who wants to buy an apartment from a company that might not be around to finish building it?

专家表示，即使人们仍在购买碧桂园的公寓，售出的公寓也不足以弥补资金缺口。此外，谁愿意从一家可能无法完工的公司那里买房呢？

All of this has led to worries that Country Garden will end up like China Evergrande, a real estate behemoth that collapsed in 2021 and set off panic in global markets.

所有这些都让人担心碧桂园最终会落得中国恒大一样的下场，恒大是另一家房地产巨头，于2021年爆雷，引发了全球市场的恐慌。

“The Country Garden default could be as influential as Evergrande simply because it is so huge,” said Rosealea Yao, a real estate analyst at Gavekal, a China focused research firm.

“碧桂园违约的影响可能不亚于恒大，因为它的规模太大了，”专注于中国的研究公司Gavekal的房地产分析师咬丽蔷说。

And it could be even worse. A handful of big developers have already defaulted. The market is more on edge than it was when Evergrande failed. Policymakers, while recently vowing to support the housing market, have not done enough to bolster confidence.

而且情况可能会更糟。一些大开发商已经违约。市场比恒大爆雷时更加紧张。政策制定者虽然最近誓言支持房地产市场，但在提振信心方面做得还不够。

“Things may get worse before the government reacts,” Ms. Yao said.

“在政府做出反应之前，情况可能会变得更糟，”咬丽蔷说。

Can the government save Country Garden?

政府能拯救碧桂园吗？

Maybe. Chinese policymakers have pulled all the stops before. And after years of tightening the screws, China’s top leadership has signaled a pivot in its approach, pledging to adjust its policy and take steps like lowering interest rates to make it easier to buy apartments.

或许。中国的政策制定者之前已经使出浑身解数。在多年的紧缩政策之后，中国最高领导层已经发出信号，表示将调整政策，并采取降低利率等措施，让买房变得更容易。

But the measures so far have not been big enough to reverse the housing slump. Policymakers are unlikely to go back to the days when companies could amass huge piles of debt for speculative projects.

但到目前为止，这些措施还不足以扭转房地产市场的低迷。政策制定者不太可能回到企业可以为投机项目积累巨额债务的时代。

The housing market is also no longer growing like it did during the real estate boom that urbanized much of China in the 1990s and early 2000s.

楼市也不再像20世纪90年代和21世纪初房地产繁荣时期那样增长，这一繁荣推动了中国大部分地区的城市化。

China’s leaders have made it clear that the country cannot depend so heavily on real estate for economic growth. Gone are the days of real estate bubbles fueled by banks and investors throwing money at developers. More likely, some experts said, is that policymakers will do their best to make sure buyers get the apartments they paid for.

中国领导人已经明确表示，中国经济增长不能如此严重地依赖房地产。银行和投资者向开发商砸钱助长房地产泡沫的时代已经一去不复返了。一些专家表示，更有可能的情况是，政策制定者将尽最大努力，确保购房者拿到他们所支付的公寓。

Many big questions remain unanswered. What, for example, happens to the Chinese economy if developers like Country Garden never pay back suppliers like painters and construction workers?

许多重大问题仍未得到解答。例如，如果碧桂园这样的开发商永远无法偿还油漆工和建筑工人等供应商的欠款，中国经济会发生什么？

By one estimate from Gavekal Research, unpaid bills from private Chinese developers total $390 billion.

据Gavekal研究公司估计，中国民营开发商的未付账单总计3900亿美元。
